README.md, before:

Fuubar
================================================================================
[![Gem Version](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/fuubar.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/fuubar) ![Rubygems Rank Overall](https://img.shields.io/gem/rt/fuubar.svg) ![Rubygems Rank Daily](https://img.shields.io/gem/rd/fuubar.svg) ![Rubygems Downloads](https://img.shields.io/gem/dv/fuubar/stable.svg) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/thekompanee/fuubar/master.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/thekompanee/fuubar) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/thekompanee/fuubar.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/thekompanee/fuubar)

fuubar is an instafailing [RSpec][rspec] formatter that uses
a progress bar instead of a string of letters and dots as feedback.

![examples][example-gif]

Installation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

```ruby
gem install fuubar

# or in your Gemfile

gem 'fuubar'
```

Usage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In order to use fuubar, you have three options.

### Option 1: Invoke It Manually Via The Command Line ###

```
rspec --format Fuubar --color
```

### Option 2: Add It To Your Local `.rspec` File ###

```
# .rspec

--format Fuubar
--color
```

### Option 3: Add It To Your `spec_helper.rb` ###

```ruby
# spec/spec_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.add_formatter 'Fuubar'
end
```

Advanced Usage
--------------------------------

### Customizing The Bar ###

fuubar exposes an RSpec configuration variable called
`fuubar_progress_bar_options` which, when set will be passed directly to
[ruby-progressbar][rpb-github] which does all the heavy lifting.  Take a look at
the [ruby-progressbar documentation][rpb-docs] for details on all of the options
you can pass in.

#### Example ####

Let's say for example that you would like to change the format of the bar. You
would do that like so:

```ruby
# spec/spec_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.fuubar_progress_bar_options = { :format => 'My Fuubar! <%B> %p%% %a' }
end
```

would make it so that, when fuubar is output, it would look something like:

    My Fuubar! <================================                  > 53.44% 00:12:31

### Disabling Auto-Refresh ###

By default fuubar will automatically refresh the bar (and therefore the ETA)
every second.  Unfortunately this doesn't play well with things like debuggers.
When you're debugging, having a bar show up every second is undesireable.
[Pry][pry] gives us hooks so that we can automatically disable the refresh when
it's used. Unfortunately [byebug][byebug] does not and disabling the bar must be
done manually like so:

```ruby
# spec/spec_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.fuubar_auto_refresh = false
end
```

Security
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

fuubar is cryptographically signed. To be sure the gem you install hasn’t been
tampered with, follow these steps:

1. Add my public key (if you haven’t already) as a trusted certificate

```
gem cert --add <(curl -Ls https://raw.github.com/thekompanee/fuubar/master/certs/thekompanee.pem)
```

2. Install fuubar telling it to use security checks when possible.

```
gem install fuubar -P MediumSecurity
```

> **Note:** The `MediumSecurity` trust profile will verify signed gems, but
> allow the installation of unsigned dependencies.
>
> This is necessary because fuubar has a dependency on RSpec which isn't signed,
> and therefore we cannot use `HighSecurity`, which requires signed gems.

Credits
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

fuubar was written by [Jeff Felchner][jefff-profile] and [Jeff
Kreeftmeijer][jeffk-profile]

![The Kompanee][kompanee-logo]

fuubar is maintained and funded by [The Kompanee, Ltd.][kompanee-site]

The names and logos for The Kompanee are trademarks of The Kompanee, Ltd.

License
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

fuubar is Copyright &copy; 2010-2019 Jeff Kreeftmeijer and Jeff Felchner. It is
free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the
[LICENSE][license] file.

[byebug]:        https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug
[example-gif]:   https://kompanee-public-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/readmes/fuubar-examples.gif
[jefff-profile]: https://github.com/jfelchner
[jeffk-profile]: https://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer
[kompanee-logo]: https://kompanee-public-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/readmes/kompanee-horizontal-black.png
[kompanee-site]: http://www.thekompanee.com
[license]:       https://github.com/thekompanee/fuubar/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[pry]:           https://github.com/pry/pry
[rpb-docs]:      https://github.com/jfelchner/ruby-progressbar/wiki/Options
[rpb-github]:    https://github.com/jfelchner/ruby-progressbar
[rspec]:         https://github.com/rspec

Commit message:

Add: Option To Hide Pending Spec Summary

README.md, after:

Fuubar
================================================================================
[![Gem Version](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/fuubar.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/fuubar) ![Rubygems Rank Overall](https://img.shields.io/gem/rt/fuubar.svg) ![Rubygems Rank Daily](https://img.shields.io/gem/rd/fuubar.svg) ![Rubygems Downloads](https://img.shields.io/gem/dv/fuubar/stable.svg) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/thekompanee/fuubar/master.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/thekompanee/fuubar) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/thekompanee/fuubar.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/thekompanee/fuubar)

fuubar is an instafailing [RSpec][rspec] formatter that uses
a progress bar instead of a string of letters and dots as feedback.

![examples][example-gif]

Installation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

```ruby
gem install fuubar

# or in your Gemfile

gem 'fuubar'
```

Usage
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In order to use fuubar, you have three options.

### Option 1: Invoke It Manually Via The Command Line ###

```
rspec --format Fuubar --color
```

### Option 2: Add It To Your Local `.rspec` File ###

```
# .rspec

--format Fuubar
--color
```

### Option 3: Add It To Your `spec_helper.rb` ###

```ruby
# spec/spec_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.add_formatter 'Fuubar'
end
```

Advanced Usage
--------------------------------

### Customizing The Bar ###

fuubar exposes an RSpec configuration variable called
`fuubar_progress_bar_options` which, when set will be passed directly to
[ruby-progressbar][rpb-github] which does all the heavy lifting.  Take a look at
the [ruby-progressbar documentation][rpb-docs] for details on all of the options
you can pass in.

#### Example ####

Let's say for example that you would like to change the format of the bar. You
would do that like so:

```ruby
# spec/spec_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.fuubar_progress_bar_options = { :format => 'My Fuubar! <%B> %p%% %a' }
end
```

would make it so that, when fuubar is output, it would look something like:

    My Fuubar! <================================                  > 53.44% 00:12:31

### Hiding Pending/Skipped Spec Summary ###

By default fuubar follows RSpec's lead and will dump out a summary of all of the
pending specs in the suite once the test run is over.  This is a good idea
because the additional noise is a nudge to fix those tests.  We realize however
that not all teams have the luxury of implementing all of the pending specs and
therefore fuubar gives you the option of supressing that summary.

#### Example ####

```ruby
# spec/spec_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.fuubar_output_pending_results = false
end
```

### Disabling Auto-Refresh ###

By default fuubar will automatically refresh the bar (and therefore the ETA)
every second.  Unfortunately this doesn't play well with things like debuggers.
When you're debugging, having a bar show up every second is undesireable.
[Pry][pry] gives us hooks so that we can automatically disable the refresh when
it's used. Unfortunately [byebug][byebug] does not and disabling the bar must be
done manually.

#### Example ####

```ruby
# spec/spec_helper.rb

RSpec.configure do |config|
  config.fuubar_auto_refresh = false
end
```

Security
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

fuubar is cryptographically signed. To be sure the gem you install hasn’t been
tampered with, follow these steps:

1. Add my public key (if you haven’t already) as a trusted certificate

```
gem cert --add <(curl -Ls https://raw.github.com/thekompanee/fuubar/master/certs/thekompanee.pem)
```

2. Install fuubar telling it to use security checks when possible.

```
gem install fuubar -P MediumSecurity
```

> **Note:** The `MediumSecurity` trust profile will verify signed gems, but
> allow the installation of unsigned dependencies.
>
> This is necessary because fuubar has a dependency on RSpec which isn't signed,
> and therefore we cannot use `HighSecurity`, which requires signed gems.

Credits
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

fuubar was written by [Jeff Felchner][jefff-profile] and [Jeff
Kreeftmeijer][jeffk-profile]

![The Kompanee][kompanee-logo]

fuubar is maintained and funded by [The Kompanee, Ltd.][kompanee-site]

The names and logos for The Kompanee are trademarks of The Kompanee, Ltd.

License
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

fuubar is Copyright &copy; 2010-2019 Jeff Kreeftmeijer and Jeff Felchner. It is
free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the
[LICENSE][license] file.

[byebug]:        https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug
[example-gif]:   https://kompanee-public-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/readmes/fuubar-examples.gif
[jefff-profile]: https://github.com/jfelchner
[jeffk-profile]: https://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer
[kompanee-logo]: https://kompanee-public-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/readmes/kompanee-horizontal-black.png
[kompanee-site]: http://www.thekompanee.com
[license]:       https://github.com/thekompanee/fuubar/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[pry]:           https://github.com/pry/pry
[rpb-docs]:      https://github.com/jfelchner/ruby-progressbar/wiki/Options
[rpb-github]:    https://github.com/jfelchner/ruby-progressbar
[rspec]:         https://github.com/rspec
